docs: hostname or IP address (#1667)
wez/wezterm: docs/multiplexing.md

    {
      -- This name identifies the domain
      name = "my.server",

>       -- The address to connect to or the 'host' name from user's ssh config file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -- The hostname or address to connect to. Will be used to match settings
      -- from your ssh config file
```
